
= Conflict =
 === Defines the basic object of conflicts between files.===
----
== Attributes ==
 ====public enum FolderFileType`{`FolderConflict,FileConflict `}`====
 Defines the conflict is between files or between folders.
 ====public enum ConflictType`{`New,Modified,Deleted`}`====
 Defindes the confilct type between pairs, whether it is 
 ====1. Newly created====
 ====2. Being Modified====
 ====3. Being Deleted====
 ====public FolderMeta CurrentPCFolder====
 Folder metadata of the current PC folder being synchronized.
 ====public FolderMeta USBFolder====
 Folder metadata of the current USB folder being synchronized.
 ====public FileMeta CurrentPCFile====
 File metadata on current PC file being synchronized.
 ====public FileMeta USBFile====
 File metadata on current USB file being synchronized.
 ====public FolderFileType FolderOrFileConflictType====
 Defines whether it is a folder conflict or file conflict.
 ====public ConflictType PCFolderFileType====
 Defines whether it is "new" or "deleted" of conflict on PC side.
 ====public ConflictType USBFolderFileType====
 Defines whether it is "new" or "deleted" of conflict on USB side.
----
== Constructors ==
 ====public Conflicts(FolderMeta currentPCFolder, FolderMeta USBFolder, ConflictType PCFolderFileType, ConflictType USBFolderFileType)====
  Defined for folder conflicts.
 ====public Conflicts(FileMeta currentPCFile, FileMeta USBFile,ConflictType PCFolderFileType, ConflictType USBFolderFileType)====
  Defined for file conflicts.
----
== Methods ==
 ====public override string ToString()====
 Return a string representation of the conflicts.